ammarasmro/content/portfolio/work2.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-11-05T19:41:01+05:30"
title = "Name of the work 2"
draft = false
image = "img/portfolio/business-card-26.jpg"
showonlyimage = false
weight = 1
+++

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane.
<!--more-->

Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean.

A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.
2. Aliquam tincidunt mauris eu risus.

> The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn't listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

## Header Level 2

Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar.

The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn't listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way.

* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.
* Aliquam tincidunt mauris eu risus.

When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then

Commit message:

content: add ProGBA and Party Animals

ammarasmro/content/portfolio/work2.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-11-05T19:41:01+05:30"
title = "Party-Animals-Hackathon"
draft = false
image = "img/portfolio/party-animals-hackathon/heatmap.png"
showonlyimage = false
weight = 2
+++

A location based social media / chat application

This is a chat application that demonstrates that location can be further integrated into our everyday applications.

Many chat apps exist but we still need to create our own groups and keep sending invites. Many people who send requests to join groups aren't even near the event which can affect the quality of the conversation. This solution uses the technologies available to limit access to conversations to people who are close to the event. For example, imagine not having to start a slack channel or Fb group and keep asking people to accept invites for every event. People gather, a group forms, it gather places and events data, that's it. Anyone in the hackathon can login!

{{< figure src="/img/portfolio/party-animals-hackathon/heatmap.png" width="60%" >}}

<!-- ![](/img/portfolio/party-animals-hackathon/heatmap.png) -->

For the purposes of this hackathon, the Geofencing API wasn't used as it is hard to get a good signal indoors. However, the functionality that lets the device gather locations and put people into conversations nearby is implemented. Data is stored in key, value pairs on Firebase. The pipeline extends beyond this app, K-means clustering was used to gather the 3 clusters of people using Matlab.

Further functionalities can include a better implementation of the distance calculation using other API's. Enhancing the pipeline by doing the clustering as a cloud function. Using a graph database for better semantics. Semantic analysis for a recommendation system.

### Scatter Plot of the clusters
{{< figure src="/img/portfolio/party-animals-hackathon/scatterplot_party.jpg" width="60%" >}}
<!-- ![](/img/portfolio/party-animals-hackathon/scatterplot_party.jpg) -->
